2019 updates (#5)
stfc/WorkExp-CompWorkshop: LICENSE.md

# WorkExp-CompWorkshop

This work is intended for educational purposes.

Copyright 2019 Science and Technology Facilities Council, U.K. Research and Innovation

```

>    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");

Reviewer: I do not think you can release this under an Apache licence if it's based on a CC BY-NC-SA licenced work:

>### Versions 2.0, 2.5, and 3.0
> 
> Your contributions to adaptations of BY-NC-SA 2.0, 2.5 or 3.0 materials may only be licensed under:
> 
>    - The license used for the original work, or a later version of that BY-NC-SA license.
>    - Ported versions of that BY-NC-SA license, the same or later version as the licensed work.

Author: I hadn't realised that, I'll move the License to a CC one.

Reviewer: I forgot the link for my quote for reference: https://creativecommons.org/share-your-work/licensing-considerations/compatible-licenses

Author: Thanks - I had found this to check what needed doing. I have changed the workshop's license to a `BY-NC-SA 4.0` license, which meets the criteria of `The license used for the original work, or a later version of that BY-NC-SA license` for a 3.0 license.

   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
```

# Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python 3rd Edition

> This work is based on the book “Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python 3rd Edition” by Al Sweigart (ISBN-10 0982106017), and is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 United States License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work is based on the book “Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python 3rd Edition” by Al Sweigart (ISBN-10 0982106017) which is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 United States License.
```

It was ambiguous as to whether you were referring to this work or the book.

Author: Agreed, this is a better structure.
